Added `consumers-wait-for-messages` option (#6437)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/config/message-queue-consumers.md

Parameter | Value | Required? | Default Value
--- | --- | --- | ---
`--max-messages=<value>` | The maximum number of messages to consume per invocation. If the number of queued messages is less than the specified max, the consumer polls for new messages until it has processed the max. If you don't specify `--max-messages`, the process runs continuously. | No | 0

> `--consumers-wait-for-messages=<value>` | Specifies whether consumers should continue polling for messages if the number of processed messages is less than the `max-messages` value. This value is set to `0` to prevent stuck deployments caused by long delays in message queue processing.<br>On {{site.data.var.ece}} projects, this variable is set by default using the [`CONSUMERS_WAIT_FOR_MAX_MESSAGES`]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html) deploy variable. | No | 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--consumers-wait-for-messages=<value>` | Specifies whether consumers should continue polling for messages if the number of processed messages is less than the `max-messages` value. The default value of `0` prevents stuck deployments caused by long delays in message queue processing. Set the value to `1` to allow consumers to wait for messages.<br>On {{site.data.var.ece}} projects, this variable is set by default using the [`CONSUMERS_WAIT_FOR_MAX_MESSAGES`]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/env/variables-deploy.html) deploy variable. | No | 0
```
